My money is also infinite.
Oh, our Mr. Lin is so rich
I don't know
What birthday gift did you prepare for Goddess Caiwei today?
ah
oops
I really didn't prepare a gift for Caiwei today.
I neglected it.
I came here empty-handed.
Hey Raymond Lam
I'm not talking about you.
We are all classmates
You said you couldn't even afford a decent gift
What kind of rich people's society is this?
Gao Shao
Although Brother Lin Feng didn't prepare a gift for me
But you can't say that about him.
Plucking vetch
Why
This is the necklace I prepared for you.
Didn't cost much
Just over 100,000.
Hahaha, just be careful
Caiwei, do you want me to help you put it on?
This necklace should be much more expensive than the one on your neck.
It's far inferior to the sea star on his neck.
Sea Star
I was wondering why this necklace looked so familiar.
So this is the R family auction
The ocean star that sold for 3 million
There are only two in the country.
How many houses have you sold?
You are too
This necklace was bought for me by Brother Raymond Lam
Not only this
This dress was also bought by Brother Raymond Lam
This cost him more than 5 million.
Ha ha
More than 5 million More than 5 million
Hey, little money, little money
Hahaha
Be economical
That's right
Just 5 million
It's really small money.
snort
Hey, Pick Wei!
I didn't prepare any gift for you today.
Let’s put it this way, it wasn’t in your sales department last time.
Have you bought a zodiac property?
There are 50 left now
Just pick one according to your zodiac sign.
Hmm, what zodiac sign is this?